c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\bin\Debug\Esports Executive Information System.exe.config
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\bin\Debug\Esports Executive Information System.exe
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\bin\Debug\Esports Executive Information System.pdb
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\bin\Debug\Esports Executive Information System.xml
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\bin\Debug\Guna.UI2.dll
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form1.resources
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form2.resources
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Resources.resources
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports Executive Information System.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports Executive Information System.exe
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports Executive Information System.xml
c:\users\mylaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports Executive Information System.pdb
C:\Users\MyLaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form3.resources
C:\Users\MyLaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form4.resources
C:\Users\MyLaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form5.resources
C:\Users\MyLaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form6.resources
C:\Users\MyLaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form7.resources
C:\Users\MyLaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form8.resources
C:\Users\MyLaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form9.resources
C:\Users\MyLaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form10.resources
C:\Users\MyLaptop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Esports Executive Information System\Esports Executive Information System\obj\Debug\Esports_Executive_Information_System.Form11.resources
